Updates about beta components and promotion (#2470)
patternfly/patternfly-org: beta-component-promotions/2021.06-promotions/2021.06-promotions.md

# PatternFly Beta Component Promotion Candidates
## For Release 2021.08
### [Banner](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/banner)

> A banner is a one-line, full color, full width container that can be used to communicate short snippets of information to users. Banners are un-intrusive, non-dismissible, and only support link buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **banner** is a one-line, full-color, full-width container that can be used to communicate short snippets of information to users. Banners are un-intrusive and non-dismissible, and they only support link buttons.
```

Reviewer: Added bolding for component names to align with the bolding formatting we use in design guidelines. Also, should "un-intrusive" be "nonintrusive" ? I keep seeing the latter come up in Google searchers.

![banner](./img/banner.png)

### [Button: inoperableEvents](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/button)

> Button prop. An array of events to prevent when the button is in an aria-disabled state.

Reviewer: What does this mean? I don't want to suggest any edits unless I know the meaning so that I don't sacrifice accuracy at all :)

Author: :) This is a hard one...
`inoperableEvents` is a prop the consumer can pass to the `Button` component. It is an array of strings which represent the html events which should be prevented whenever the button is in an `aria-disabled` state. I don't know the details of why this was added, I guess there are probably accessibility related reasons to use the `aria-disabled` attribute, but there are cases when it doesn't exactly behave the way the consumer expects, so we have given them an extra way to control the button's behavior in this case.

Reviewer: Ah OK, that makes sense. Thanks!

### [Button: isAriaDisabled](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/button)

> Button prop. Adds disabled styling and communicates that the button is disabled using the aria-disabled html attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Button prop. Adds disabled styling and communicates that the button is disabled using the aria-disabled HTML attribute.
``` 
Some lines have periods, and others don't. So I'm just adding periods for consistency 👍

### [Description list](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/description-list)

> A description list contains terms and their corresponding descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **description list** contains terms and their corresponding descriptions.
```

![description list](./img/description-list.png)

### [FileUpload](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/file-upload)

> A file upload component uploads the contents of a file into the browser for further processing. Once uploaded, content may optionally be edited. While the component can upload any file, it is primarily designed for use with text files where the context can easily be displayed in the text area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **file upload** component uploads the contents of a file into the browser for further processing. Once contents are uploaded, you have the option of editing them. While the component can upload any file, it's primarily designed for text files where the context can easily be displayed in the text area.
```

![file upload](./img/file-upload.png)

### [Hint](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/hint)

> A hint is in-app messaging that provides a one-step reminder, explanation, or call to action for a page or modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **hint** is in-app messaging that provides a one-step reminder, explanation, or call to action for a page or modal.
```

![hint](./img/hint.png)

### [NotificationDrawer](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/notification-drawer)

> A notification drawer is a place where users can view and manage notifications that are generated by the system. It allows them to see a list of notifications without the need to navigate away from the current screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **notification drawer** is a place where users can view and manage notifications that are generated by the system. It allows them to see a list of notifications without having to navigate away from the current screen.
```

![notification drawer](./img/notification-drawer.png)

### [SimpleList](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/simple-list)

> A simple list provides a list of selectable items that can be shown within a page. Each item is described by a text label. The list may be divided into logical sections by introducing group headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **simple list** provides a list of selectable items that can be shown within a page. Each item is described by a text label. You can divide the list into logical sections using group headers.
```

![simple list](./img/simple-list.png)

### [Tile](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/tile)

> A tile is a form of selection that can be used in place of a radio button and is commonly used in forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **tile** is a form of selection that can be used in place of a radio button. It's commonly used in forms.
```
